When a sky and a cactus love each other very much, they make a horse.
I love dick
I can't even reach th top of my own head.
He's not masturbating because he's sad. He's only masturbating because he's lonely.
Why am I better at pinching my own nipples
Take me sweet ground
Dolphins are just Borat in disguise
Whales are going extinct. We should research their vaginas.
I wish I could read
sometimes to break through the glass ceiling you have to break some hearts.... and some glass
A mouth full of sweet supple ass...
I NEVER KNEW I WAS TICKLISH ON MY TAINT!
Just hump it a little bit and it's easier to get through.
You can beat me when it's not my birthday.
Do you lick his feet often?
Just knock him to the floor and shit on him.
I guess we can leave the Jews alone
What is the name of that song? Stanky ass hoes?
Please let me feed myself.
I'm allergic to cake (pronounced cock)." "Does that include dildos?
I was busy molesting Nick and connor
Fucking Florida.
I'm not gay. I just like things in my ass.
I'm not a pencil.
 Here lies Kim. He died like he lived... getting pounded...
You sound like a cow
All I learned during that experience is that titties are squishy.
Sticky is an emotion.
Bodies don't burn very well, we're really wet.
It's just a bloated blood tube
...I'd look like a goth kid in care bear land.
He found all the tunnels and got in my room! I'm afraid
Her freshly deflowered cunt laid bare for the world to see
Your phone is a bottom bitch
That Murphy is a right cunt
He tackled a guy and his nipples went off
This is like when they asked me if my rag was wet
Did you like how I lifted you by your breast?
We can hear you! It's why we want to murder you!
Shh, they're LARPing
Your can give me any other black ones you find. I like them
Do you knowledge where you are?
I don't have a vagina, but instead a gaping canyon
I want pancakes. Fuck it.
Horses are terrible people.
I will gladly nyaa~ nyaa~ my way through coitus.
It's the ultimate blind girl blow job!
knock-off
There were beetles in my shoe, and the Bolder Boulder can suck a dick.
We are professionals and that's what we do, we lie
I'm so fuckin' dumb.
Never piss an engineer off. It will not end well.
I thought this was gonna be a steam punk game!
Do I have any more teddy grams? I want teddy grams fuck this
Why is there a drill on it?
There usually isn't the sexing in the anime.
That species of bear happens to be slightly explosive.
the best sex starts in giggles and ends in gagging
They smell of sex, shame, and hallucinogens.
I take 3 sets of clothing, make a giant clothes tampon, and put it in the channel for the blood to stop the flow
PUT THE TAMPON BACK IN
How good at sex is the ghoul?
Zombie fucks the children!
Houses were our solution to lightning.
I'm just gonna walk in there naked and figure it out.
This white stuff is getting everywhere in my face
Treat me like we meet on E Harmony. Fuck me like we met on NSAFinder
Grizzly bears make terrible towels
A limp noodle with teeth!
Ain't shit happening otherwise, as they say in the vernacular
Is it really broken if it never really worked on the first place?
I wish I could produce sex toys with my anus
It's all fun and games until your butthole touches the toilet water
women don't have names
At least my Dad is in hell. So there's that.
What do you think Muppet sperm looks like?
If you had to talk through a pair of ass cheeks you'd be unintelligible too.
Just sitting there blowing bubbles in your margarita..." "FUCK OFF I'M AN ADULT
I can put something in my butt if you want.
You're a good banana
think of it like a ground condom
I'm only like a quarter noodle
Are all his muscles cock like or is his cock muscle like?
That gets into beastiality-
-Depends on which end you're fucking
You can't beat the women rice plants. That's rice ist
So are we going to do zucchini science or not?
Someone will just have to hold the pork and act as the vagina muscles
I'll have to extract the crotch lettuce.
I'll have to extract the crotch lettuce.
Im trying to figure out how to fit the rest of this inside me
It's an it, not a she.
The power of friendship is bullshit.
I have command of your penis
how sturdy is a pile of dicks really?
nursing home comment aside, you can't summon enough dildos to beat a giant penis.
Santa is the patron saint of dead hookers
something about frogs, you don't know what Jesus did in that book
Apart from the penises, this guy's a great artist.
Christian heaven has dead hookers?!?
I guess a dead hooker is a little mushier, and easier to grab on to.
Those 12 kids are gonna FUCK those virgins
So we have two Mormons on mountain bikes vs a flaming vagina. They have the mobility...who wins?
When's the last time you dragged a liquid?" "Well when's the last time you threw a bear?
Would it be better to be 50% Harder or a literal walking gang bang
They are living currency that live in my trailer
Hey baby you want some of this 12 year old pussy?
Is he dead?" "No, he's a happy dildo
He took 3 harm from a tire to the face for a chance to bang Mrs. Butterworth
Sex tiger sounds like a flavor of gnar pump
It tastes like bitter buttholes
I've never had a cold sore on my mouth... Just on my vagina.
call me captain triple America over here, if you know what I'm sayin.
I somehow debuffed the hulk with pregnancy
Oh good, it's like a suction cup
Stick it up his ass and fold it like this.
it's like a bigger, thicker version of the finger.
It's baby lotion. I use it all the time, it's great!
Do you want me to cuckold you with your bot?
cause her baby died, doesnt mean we cant get any use out of it. 
So you're running, goat sperm in ass
From the soon to be burning stripclub as your wife and ex-wife fight
Is there any other type? Straight men... and goats!
ELO gets you bitches
dance for me you fucking mongoloid
Guilt ferrets are bastards.
if you know whats good for you, you will suffocate in that fucking ball
I'm bloated to the rim with ass air
sell your soul to the yuri gods mother fucker
I sell my cock for rock, at the flee market while i hawk my watch
oh my god I need the hot lesbian slashfic between Nancy Drew and Poppy Dada
When should I throw up?
So you're telling me you wouldn't punch Anne Frank, but you would eat road kill?
Can you imagine Zeb putting your mom in a furry suit?
Just once I'd like to play a game where I don't have to come onto a 16 year old!
my asshole is a fucken bubble bath
You have a leaf blower in your vagina?
It's because his ear is butthole colored
Have you ever tried to eat pizza without biting it?
it's not vanilla, you are just too skilled to give you up
No where in the bible does it say Jesus isn't a raptor.
oh boy rotisserie salad! My favorite!
Is that a potato in a bag? That's a potato in a bag...
Fucking colored bastards
I haven't smelled money in a while
Ah, nothing like copious amounts of poon to solve political problems
I want to get so high on my period that I can't see my face.
you're looking like a golden retriever to me
Thank you mistress
But I'm black! They can't kill me!
You can't rape the willing
Technically, all children are edible.
Fucker, please!
What just fell off my ass?
...and you were on air so you couldn't scream...
Just tryna hatefuck a Trump supporter
I may be racist, but my dick ain't
are miscarriages and aborted fetuses the promised 72 virgins
Talk to me about the Oxford comma
Equality and shit. Why does no one get this?
That look was for the implicit dickgirls.
She belongs in your ass
Do you get bonus points for yaoi? 
Feel my wings
I'm like a parfait, I have many layers
That there weaboo fighting magic...
as a gentleman, I didn't want to stick it in your wet spot
I'm easy... going
Don't snort soap.
Sweet, there's a porta potty over there. Score!
The souls of the dead do not scream my name!! Whatever!!
If no one comes from the future to stop you how bad of an idea is it really?
I can't promise mental stability but you can count on spirited blow jobs and tacos
I vote for rapin'
He is a rapist." *ice cream truck music* "Does he know the call of his people?
you catch more flies with honey than vinegar"\n-"in this case the honey is ice cream and the vinegar is seige engines
Mega arrow of fuck yourself
IS IT THE EXPLOSIVE PART OF HEAVEN?!
Sometimes it fun to go around systematically slitting throats.
Morning sex is just us passive aggressively starring at each other and wondering why we are awake
I'm so angry that I have to pee
I like your crotch, not things that have touched your crotch.
Bird law is super flexible
Dudes that are crazy can kill you. Chicks that are crazy can only stab you.
best of tinder bios
Butt stuff plz
Just looking for a nice fellow to choke me and tell me I'm beautiful
Choke it
What kind of shitty ass rabbit is this?
Show me dem titties
Are you going to open? It's alright don't open. I'll find a way in either way. 
Pro tip, just cut off the whole nipple next time.
That looks like a dildo wrapped around another dildo
Big butt; bigger heart
So is it like my life? Super cute and kind of sad?
You have maladjusted my pants, son.
Got kicked off of hotdoglovers.com so I'm on here
NSAFinder had me blowing dudes like rappers blow signing bonuses
if you don't like coffee, you don't want pussy
forcing the the cum out of me like a cow
I'm like the giver, but with hangovers.
Just looking for a nice guy to stick it up my pooper. Will travel
I'll happily tongue punch a fart box as well, provided the above standards are also met.
No, six year olds usually have a lot of friends
it's like fucking children!
This taste like what a skunk smells like
He just ate 3 people and a lock, what more do you want?
I can't believe I was killed by soap!
'As fuck' may be my favorite unit of measurement.
Let's lay in bed and touch each other like we're rehearsing for the NSAFinder version of Miracle Worker
he probably can't get an erection anymore but he can still taste
Someone far more beautiful than me needs to button my pants
There's two of them and it's tight
Horseback riding is just an elaborate and expensive form of sitting.
Ive climbed laddders without using hands at all. I think I can alocate one of them for penis
North Korea: Kroger brand nazis.
i dont need to hear all the cries of rejected hoes at your door.
Because 'Merica, that's why.
It tastes like ass by the foot
Half sad, half IPA
You lost the banana?
That's cause you had a delicious taste in your mouth
 10 year olds with ordinance is a terrible idea" "is is?
Even rocks are allowed to have emotions about pancakes
Mexican Santa sucks!
You've never had a girl bark at you during sex?
Is this going to come up as faggots or God kings?
The crucible in which beauty is forged is a dumpster fire.
Welcome to fuck shack 0-6-9
You're right eye is so lazy I bet it collects unemployment
Let's do this monthly, you'll be like my period!
Visible people die.
I just need to keep a vial f aids blood with me at all times.
Fuck you and your cruet
Set condition one throughout the ship. We got hey girls all up on the dradis.
"Words can't describe your beauty, but numbers can. 3/10.
The question is... are the lives of billions of humans worth hot robots?
I'm not a people, I'm a teacher.
I'm Tinkerbell motherfucker
Either throw out your razor, or save it to bake into a muffin for children.
It's a shame that my one cosplay crush lives in Austria
I gotta piss, shit, and eat a burger.
This is the millennium flank steak
I literally own sandpaper less abrasive than this toilet paper.
That'd be a shitty way to go."\n"What? Toilet fire?
Hey everybody I've got daquiries and cocaine!
I want to see what has never been seen. I want to lick that ass hole.
He's elusive. Like the fish inside the potatoes.
Can you give me some favor? I need it so I can pull a death meat out of my magic fridge so I can use my  cooking attack to kill the dragon.
Can't have any bits of Jesus left in the cup, that's a faux pas
He's now polygamous, doing cocaine, and attending massage therapy school.
He's just gonna drown himself in a pity pool until a lifeguard decides to love him
IS SHE HAVING SEX WITH HORSES?!
Eggs should not have corners.
You had one job. Put that shit in your mouth!
It's hot and fluffy and I don't want to pick it up with my hands.
I don't know if I have a biggest weakness per se, but I do have a long list of dibilitating weaknesses.
All women are hamseters, and should be kept in cages.
I don't want to be that nice
I bought her a where's Waldo book does that count
Low scale sacrilege is still sacrilege.
I can't really change it, it's my face.
Send me all of your future lovers.
I have a wandering Jew that needs to be taken back to its home.
She's got man boobs.
Darth Vegas has a full on nature harem.
This is called the butt. Put your thumb in the butt.
Statistically you're dead
Keep the fights clean and the sex dirty
Where in the Bible does it say you can't punch a guy in the dick?
He's the fuzziest pudgy asshole.
Does my phone recognize asshole?
I fear for my nether regions
I just wanna sleep and cry in a ball and not smell stinky dead bodies.
he's got the dankest Memes" "he's got what? Where does he buy them?
...Cause I wanna see some HD anime titties.
Here's how I know I'm drunk. I tip my head and it's fun, and it's hard to read.
You're drunk when you're epileptic?
I've got half a penis of cold coffee.
Before you, I would just let random guys do it. Whoever happened to be in the parking lot.
Russia has regained communication with their interstellar orgy-mobile.
If I don't hear from him, I assume he's been killed by a gay man!
Tyler, fill me.
Then we'll just blow them with tacos!
My ass is a weapon of mass destruction today
He's totally sticking his dick in the ice cream isn't he?
Take me sweet raptor
I WILL NEVAH PAY FAH PUSSY 
There's sperm in my belly button.
Does showering after intercourse prevent pregnancy?
I have a very fair dick
Put some nuts in your mouth, you'll like it
Find a consenting dog, and I'm down.
Fuck concrete
When's the last time you fought a giant white electric penis with teeth?
It's like the matrix but for boobs!
Your computer is run by a genie.
I love strong nipples!
All I have to do is touch my dangly thing
Are you older than her? No she's younger then me
I bought some bleach, sounds like you could use a glass.
I'm nacho friend
I'm always down to watch a big bag-o-dicks
all ghost are racist
They have me by the nipples. I'll pay anything!
My brothers not worth $15
That's how you streamline AIDs
There is no such thing as continuous spatula damage.
Do you want to do magic tricks for the mob?
Who could fill this dick pocket
Well I'm not allergic to nuts, so that's a good thing ;)
I'm gonna put your potato in my cheese.
It's not the same as retard strength.
Were you aiming for French whore, or did you just end up there?
Boy scouts and alcoholism go hand in hand.
.22 special and fire. It's like netflix and chill but so much better.
Has your stance on the female orgasm changed?
I can say with all certainty that I will not have sex with a dog.
I tried my best to get it up but it was too small.
Mushroom stamps, huh?
Tell us more about recursive drinking balls.
I don't care what Garrus' dick looks like but I'm into it!
There's a difference between a woman and a eunuch
I'm just a dog that wants to build space robots
Congratulations on reproducing using your greasy sausage!
I didn't even intend that to be boob, but there it is
He does lick his taint a lot...
I'm up to me elbow in spongy troll cock, and we're both profoundly unhappy about it.
When I'm doubt, ooohhhh it out
God damn it farm fucks
To be fair, the_donald is about 75% 4chan autism
I can hardly count to four on a good day
We compromised on the butt
Damn sub-aquatic rabbits!
There's a lot of things I don't want near my dick. Heroin is pretty high on the list.
Coming from her, I feel like more of a prostitute than I am.
Oh my god, what if cows are psionic and we jus don't know
Can I eat a donkey dong instead?
I knew a Jew growing up, I can say that with authority
That makes slightly more sense than black people exploding
Who knew so much productivity could come from 'I'm not a ham.' 
this is the one time I didn't take any clothing off
I hear that you can't truly enjoy Hamlet until you've heard it in the original Klingon
I tell ya, hire lesbians. They'll organize your shit right.
I'm a sucker for fairies.
Pound him Lenny 
Clowns are famed for their stealth
How can we check if the leathery balls are dangerous?
Leathery balls.... leathery balls... leathery balls...
You misplace one vowel and you get jazzy flatulence.
Is that stuffing?
Look uponst my exquisite lounging, foolish mortal, and mourn that you will never lounge with such cosmopolitan savoir faire.
The man was a love child of James Bond and Antonio Banderas
take my golden ball of eternal sunshine
Dormamu, I've come to bargain and you will get on my boat.
New album title: Space Dragon in the Moon
What does it mean to be thoroughbred in assplay?
That made my dick tingle unapologetically.
Have you ever wrestled an angry clump of needles, interspersed with some nutsack hair?
If I had to describe cancer, it would be what we're about to watch.
It's like a retards abacus.
This gym session brought to you by National Geographic.
I am going to advance... towards the hole...
my body is a temple
if your body is a temple mine is a ratchet ass trap house
I believe that dragons have a historical background"\nWUT\n"just like the giant squid"\n"and the unicorn"\n"and the pixie"\n"and the flying pig"\n"they was just hunted to extinction by humans
giant squid existing => dragons were real
He got down on his knees because he and grandpa believe.
Ed is like Santa Claus. He's always watching...
You owe me a hot dog, you son of a bitch.
I spend my life hyper aware of bears.
We don't need your ethnic pronunciations here.
She's 10% boob by weight.
It's better to be short than to have leprosy.
Why is the green shit always the stickiest?
I bet you went shopping at my favorite store!"\n"Which one is that?"\n"A liquor store."\n"Awwwwyeahhhh!
What's that really hot chef's name?
I hope you're not going to the sisters for the sweet poon-tang
I'm not Dante. I don't know this shit.
Why can't we all just fuck each other and be happy?
We're talking about masturbating near you.
this one time i sneezed and now im gay
Great. Now I have to dance with a boner.
Sprinkles, what do your kitty eyes see?
How can you be a villian when your husbands name is Kiwi?
We'll do it if something terrible goes wrong... with my butt
Can I mount connor?
If you're going to have a gas mask tattoo it may as well be between your titties
Please, tell me about the horror tampons.
They got to have sex in my bed before I did and I'm pissed about it!
It tingles my ice cream glands
 you go brush your teeth, I'll find a way into his ass
You have to be a freakishly athletic Himalayan person to do that.
If the Earth isn't flat, explain shadows
Are you going to make me cum or do I have to go pee
I'm an only child, and I'm pretty sure if I had a brother I'd want to fuck him.
my ass is a beautiful work of art you bitch
I had to cover up my hole because without the thing in it it kept getting dirty
If it's white and creamy and not semen I'm not drinking it.
If it's S&M week at the dick science lab...
ahhhh good the silent fish is the deadly fish
Oh, who's a retarded dinosaur now?
It's can't be a hunting equinox, but it can be a jazzy space equinox!
I jizz sparkles
I love ass cancer!
Why? Where else am I gonna play in children's pee?
I'm going to drink until I'm dead! Or until I fall asleep. Whichever comes first.
We need to get him a go pro, a thong and some running shoes
you just want to have crazy yurt sex.
The kool aid man is the world's most dangerous sexual predator.
Zeb has been helping me get it up
You're a fucking dumpster fire of a human being.
Zeb you're kinda like a used car
that's not even worthy of a squirt
I could feel Twiggy get an erection from here.
the cock is hollow
You could have threesomed them *and* gotten cocaine!
I splooged all over that fetus.
Are you seriously about to become jelly Samus?
I'm gonna spaghetti the Jesus out of you
I know a lot about queefs, and that's not how they work.
I'll do the math, you just focus on masturbating,  god dammit.
I have nice lumps of warm cancer on the back of my calves.
Zeb has friends?
It helps to have a cast-iron butt.
Why do you guys sit on your helmets?
I just wanted to say hi and tell you my pedophile story.
dad, Im pregnant, no this is the first time I swear
Fluffy, can you just run all of the concentration camps?
best way to figure out dying is to try it
It's hard to hear anything over the sound of your crippling foreign policy decisions, James!
Let me spin you a tale about the physics of juggling.
There's is no God and I want to have the tightest vagina in the world.
Everyone knows unicorns don't live in Wisconsin. They're not fucking trash.
I've got a bunch in my bag of pain
Did I just hear Tylers squealing?
There's no such thing as midget rape!
I feel like if you have to crawl around in someone's asshole you should probably get a kingship.
I've never looked at an erection and thought, 'you look angry'
You call it pound sign and not octothorp? Are you gay?
If the colors of your markers seems faint just huff them a bit and the colors should intensify
I can't decide if my self image hinges more on my gender or my devotion to quality footwear
I can't decide if my self image hinges more on my gender or my devotion to quality footwear
You should do the douching. It feels great. And it's very fun to say.
You're a Pavlovian alcoholic.
I heavily identify as a fucboi
You suck." "Only on Sundays, but not for free!
Can I appeal to get my prostitutes back?
It's like a flying food truck, but with prostitutes! That's way better!
I mean not only is it free, but it has whores.
My nipple's longer than most of the dicks I've sucked.
Dicks like freight trains?
Hold on, I got you. Does pornhub cast?
The rest of it was... Not.... Fire...
I mean, there is no pressure plates on the ceiling
Put cum in a burrito if you're going to eat it. Just saying. Or a sandwich but it makes the bread soggy.
He's not bulimic he just throws up all the time
I think Scotty the kombucha is growing pubes
I really don't feel the need to smack my dick into a bunch of roses
I'm pretty sure he tastes better than any man I've tasted before.
Tired of smelly tits.
and that's when I discovered that I enjoy being shoulder deep in a cow's anus.
You like meat that much, then suck a dick.
Don't fuck my monkey!
Maybe you're playing video games, maybe you're finger banging your own ass. Who's to say?
And inigo montoya and Darth maul are fighting alongside the party to take over a ship yard
Does not everyone get hugged when they lick their own ass hole?
I am not at all sexually attracted to a suaro cactus
you should always run with a loaded gun in your mouth
A pocket trowel is the botanists lightsaber
here, take my +1 mace!
Hold on a second. Now I may not be the brightest knife in the crayon box, but...
sucking that hard quest dick
star wars, star trek. Fuck, Batman
11:30pm: had quiet loveless sex in the missionary position.
Catholic libido ftw?
no homo
Oh look, the only thing you'll ever get wet
I am the alpha-gay!
You're a bit flat
Have you ever white knighted so hard you killed a guy?
Side effects may include *rectal ventriloquism*
We have an outstanding agreement that my monkey will protect me from the queens boner.
Everything is better when you describe it as elbow deep
You never want to fight a man with his dick out.
Were we supposed to bleach our assholes?
If you want to get into an autistic screeching battle, well sir, so be it
This is cultural white autism right here.
She out-gassed on him and gave him power.
Unhand my nipples fiend!
That reminds me, I haven't even touched Connors body today
don't be such a wet blanket, grab a teabag and a party hat and get the fuck over here
cover this hole in vasaline
Man can not live on bread alone, but I'm broke as fuck so I'm going to try.
I don't think the ring is a token of 'you can bang my daughter' 
You definitely have to eat the midget
He stitched a fish into his stomach?
I don't know how to be anything but a frog.
babe... put your cock away"\nMe- "when I'm finished!!
this is the anime equivalent of blue balls
want to satisfy my girl, like a black man
Glinda's kind of a cunt...
If you're having sex with a monkey, its probably a shapeshifter
Love is knee deep.
Sadly the Matron of Whores is kind of a prude
Shapeshifters have drippy vaginas I guess
Can you *politely* ask them to not fuck me?
If I'm a woman in a male bear's body, can I still impregnate someone?
It brought lube! Yay!
... Where do you put it in?
I'm glad I tied her up in entrails, guys.
Yeah you torture fucked him to death
if it's juju magic, why can't I apply math to it.
Does it help that I'm a lawyer... With no heart?
I feel like one of those balls.
It's like a cream war.
I feel like my brain got hate-fucked by a steam roller.
It's like anime *Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends*, but with lesbian dragon maids.
I have a lot of experience pinning belligerent men.
Don't worry, the light light at the end of the tunnel is a muzzle flash.
There were so many spiders in that gif that it made me racist against an entirely unrelated ethnic group. 
It's hard to have a safe word when you're a bear.\nIt's more of...a safe grumble.\nA safe roar.
it's a wholesome burning man for Christians... With less acid... And more Bible verses.
Never trust a Wiccan that doesn't believe in oregano.
I just wanted to stick my dick in something wet and living.
Hi I'm calling for the Joseph and the disenchanted dream coat
....it's better then niples. ..
I think all of is were born that way.  Except for me.  I was born with a little vest and a top hat.
I'm in my own little world. But it's okay. They know me there.
No technology, No people. I like it here"\n"There are people" \n"SHIT!
We've got the teacher, the fat guy, and the inbred! We don't need more characters!
Remember how a while ago I was taking about Rouphalin?
I definitely was not trying to seduce Twiggy.
God. I'm sorry. Please stop the Mariachi music
Never describe titties as, 'low-hanging fruit.'
Everyone is a sexy-something for Halloween, so I'm going to be a sexy pinecone.
I don't see color, I just see alcohol.
We're already 12 minutes in and we've got 'pizzaz' the venereal disease.
Subaru's handle lesbians like a champ.
Get the knives out of the potato!
why have male gods when you can have waifus?
What part of Sun Daddy said no, do you not understand?
They're communists! I'm so excited!
I know what eggplants mean,  I teach highschool
Did you just assume something about space, you mysoginistic prick?
Everything is divisible by jew.
Those are false ducks.
They're militarized frat boys
Can I combine that with a shark attack?
The vagina is a useful holding implement.
It's not rape if you start raping them back.
You are such a disappointment to all of my fetishes
Thermodynamics is not an opinion. It's not a salad dressing.
There's an advantage to having sex with someone other than yourself.
Ever seen the movie Alien? It's like that, but with urine.
Space zeppelins?"\n"Space zeppelins.
I can't jerk off to hate.
Nothing says I love you like fisting a goat.
Oh there's 4 butt plugs in here. We can be friends
So... as you stop to nap..."\n"God dammit
How do you prostitute?
Jet fuel may not be able to melt steel beams, but Samus Aran can!
I'm using it as a meat toboggan.
I can tell my future with her titties 
Jet fuel can't JFK the moon landing!
I don't know what it is about these Sour Patch Kids but they sure fuck me up
The older I get, the better I understand Squidward
You can tell she's weird because she's a ginger.
She's going to get a satanic Lady boner the size of a potato.
You obviously need to see more boners
But in real life you look like a dirty sand skeleton
And that's when you understand why the giant squid would fuck Hogwarts.
and now comes the part where we sand the dick out of it.
Roll for lady boners
What could we do with a sleeping child
I have never once experimented on a child. Yet.
That's its internal asshole. You just broke off its anus
Hello, I'm here to seduce you.
Sometimes you want to deliberately accidentally lose a child.
They're *sexing* not *sexting*. There's no t, but there's a whole lot of 'd.'
Someone say nice things about me! Please!
First off Rrish - you turn...."\n"Gay.
I'm gay today because I read rainbow fish.
That little boy keeps offering me his pickle, I don't know why I swear
in this case suicide seems to be the answer
you can love somebody *and*  think they're going to become a heroin addict
I keep eggs in my pockets and pull them out during class.
It's a sliding scale, if the kid gets just the right amount of vaccinations, it could be a rainman, but even one too many vaccinations and the kids parents won't be able to supply enough tendies to maintain critical autism.
When's the next time you're gonna be able to say 'I got fucked by an angel?' Never!
I'm not saying I'm high, but my dog is and I am
Ah how touching. The trinity of bitches, united in their hatred.
it's not a party till you have 4 bands and 7 DJs
ooh aren't you a real toughy, I'll put you in a pair of... hand cuffies
If your pounding a guy in the ass, that's the most straight thing you can do. Its all Testosterone
FLOWER CLAD DEMON!
I need you to sign a waiver and an NDA before entering my room.
The domestic violence fairy only comes to naughty little girls
It's not beastiality if he's also a were-sheep.
My tears will help lubricate me.
There are a lot of things that are only rape in Sweden.
Can we just mind-rape our problems away?
Fucking Space Jews
He's not gonna kill you because Roberts is a Jew.
We eiffle towered Jesus.
aah busses, the mobile fucking unit of norway
Everyone did drugs back then. I'm getting on this big front wheel bycicle casually in my big three piece suit and pocket watch, I don't give a fuck
It's not misogynistic if it's funny.
Duck reproduction is *super* rapey
Don't put your face in your cum
The path to true enlightenment begins in the ass.
That was for getting bitten. I was supposed to have your babies!
You know, big dicked women are the best objectively...
Oh that's a little one. I could deep-throat that in my sleep.
Or you could do what I do and get raped.
I absolutely will have sex with a sheep
but honestly, realistically, it will be a goat
*Where do you find this many midgets?!*
Oh, I always get the tingles at funerals!
Can we just skree-skraw and get the fuck out?
That's a naughty knob.
The power of boners is strong!
Thank you lords of autism!"\n"Faggot
Don't make deals with the Whites! Their blankets are covered in smallpox!
I'm going to dig a hole.  Then sick my penis in it.  Then try to lick it,  but I can't. "\nHis 3 year old sister "yeah.  And I'm going to put fur on my bagina. And a squirrel on my butt.
Time for jizz science!
Was the shit a prop or an incidental?
 We'll find some Hoodoo priest to lay some mojo on him
You're gonna blow smoke up Jack's ass!
I am pleased, you can tell by my butt.
That is what a vagina will be from now on; a temporary dick pants.
The classiest cock-sock you could ever imagine.
What's it like to take over someones body and then accidentally poop for them?
Ohana means strippers.
I would rather fuck an animal robot than an actual animal.
It's hard being white.
He can't even give you dragon-blooded AIDs.
Someone get science on the phone.
Are you a martial Artist?"\n-"No, but I am a nerd!
He's the one who wants your butt...."\n"Oh yeah! He's cool.
I want to be the Kelly Anne Conway of Momo.
Who says no to sexy communism?
'I employ some special persuasion techniques' and I flaunt my boobies
you're living the dream of a 6 year old child right now
that's where the devil gets in, between the flaps
You need to ignore her and go for the pompadour
It's like a codpiece made out of a bear's face.
I reach inside the bear codpiece and take out the drugs
They are the ding-dongs, and you are a dildo.
-Oh god it's in my butt!
So you're a girl?"\n-"no"\n"But if I stab you you might be?
Haha you have to have sex with an owl.
dickcheese.pdf
it's not hard to make that gayscale, it's already most of the way there
I know that smell anywhere, that's bear semen
Oh sweet he's choking on his own dick!
-No his dicks up his own ass!
You don't want to drink out of a t-rex ass.
I have nothing strictly against incest. ..
That's acceptable as long as we're coating things in sugar and setting them on fire.
I don't lick my butt on a regular basis.
You have a Swedish cherry?
that's not a cookie, that's a lie in a pan.
If you somehow couldn't Instagram your wedding, would you still be getting married?
I mean yeah. Fifi needs to be boned. Are you imagining dogs doing it now?
Are they evil cookies?
Look at his fucking face. Look at his fucking cat face
So this is when I saw the duck rape thing I mentioned.
I'm not sure what is going on, but my asshole is in danger
I'm such a city boy. I have a Keurig in the kitchen. And in the bedroom .
I thought she was Chris farley for a second.
My mom is the dyke-iest straight woman you ever met. 
How do I air thrust again? ? Oh,  there we go. 
I don't think I knew gay people existed.
I flew in on a siege fish, lasered the eye to death, and disintegrated the horde of PoPo running around.
It's okay, he's a jew. We can kill him.
I want that hi-res dysentery.
Coruscant: Space Alabama
My syndrome may be down, but my spirits are up!
All I want to do is fuck naps and take bitches
Can we have bottles of your spit?
A couple well placed seductive smiles, a little bit of incest.
If you want to get into social combat with the sexy sheep...
These ruffles are ruffling my ruffles the wrong way
Fuck Africa!
Damn it! Where did I park my fallout shelter?
I didn't say you were an idiot, I said you're a shit-head.
Who needs duct tape when you have a fat person?
I'm not breaking my glass for a dragon. She can suck my dick.
Don't snort weird dead things
Can I rake the puppy to death?
How many monkies can I hit with my lightsaber on my spiny pig?
It would be so much better if the Grinch had been black instead of just Jim Carrey
life is an odd combination of avoiding vomiting and shitting your pants
While they're shopping we're shipping
How many people can i pleasure with forearms
I throw my body around like a sponge on dishes
I know things are tingling, but are my nerd senses one of them?
Tell us what your favorite sex position is and we'll tell you where to jump in the galaxy!
Things just got a little out of hand. You know how it is. One moment you're in a hotel sippin' a beer, the next you're snorting coke out of a hooker's ass!
spectacles, testicles, wallet and watch.... And buttplug.
The sunfish is the koala of the seas, but with less STDs.
Everything that spins is a dreidel  to me.
You can't shoot something with a *laser* and be *suprised* when it catches on fire.
I'm more confused than a homeless man under house arrest.
007 is from a maid café!
I live 2000-fucking miles away and my dick is only 6 inches long. How much trouble can I get in?
I don't feel like a hamster yet.
Democracy would run right through that commie red!
I usually just squat above the rim
I'm just a really bad dom.
Blacks are worthless
Yah, our asses are pretty far away.
We'll suffer through a tag team together then reward ourselves
Curling - the mild mannered janitor of ice sports
I take the money with my extra 6 hands.
I'm going to pull a Tess, and try and talk that motherfucker into feeding himself to the vagina spider.
There's another gay seal I can add. 
It's not gay if it's for ice cream.
You want to hijack a fish?
What good is money in a world of zombie hookers?
Andrew's may be the most powerful but Ty's has that retard strength.
I'm trying to *hurt* you, not *injure* you.
She's a lunar! You don't think she could kill a whore?
How many mornings do you wake up and sad that you don't have frothed milk?
I love you, just not with my penis
That's how we start a holy war. *Again.*
He's too Jewish to be my bae.
I'm going to pee angrily.
When two people kiss they form a continuous tube with an asshole at both ends.
Anytime you can bring it back around to pterodactyl porn is a good day
I'm not going to fix your bitches!
She already raped me once!" "Hey we helped!
You remind me of an unenthusiastic power bottom .
Did I ever tell you how often I'd see you and want to ejaculate all over your bazonkas?
Flamboyant bullshit from the heart
It's not even stuff to wank to. It's just funny.
Is it because of fuckers? It's because of fuckers isn't it?
that's not a girl's name! Are you a girl or a boy?"\n"Okay professor oak.
The fapped and the furious
They're only half a friend because they're mexican?!
I keep getting stuck in an ass hole!
So we need to give him whiskey so we can fuck him in the butt and make him cum like a girl
We've got a Twiggy, a Matt Brown, and an Areola
I'm saving so I can do the thing where I also buy a land bit.
Hey life is a hurricane of chaos that spouts rainbows and unicorns.
Booballoon
when you can't talk, you can only speak to Satan
Do you have a cure for getting exploded?
why did my machine learning car run over that dog?" "Fuck you, that's why
This is like a fiesta in my mouth
I caught you blue balled
You! You're getting stabbed now, Okay?!
I want to see  Seabiscuit but as a yandere.
The looks on people's faces when they cum
It's the worlds longest rat dredlock
And if you have to shake your tities around to do it, you will
If I had any musical talent I'd go around punching stars all the time.
Its fine, I'm *barely* twitching.
It will be betwixt the ass poundings. 
I like cookie cake.
That is a blind guy on a Segway
Screw the happy couple. They have happiness and romance to sustain them.
Spent decades looking into his soul
I don't care that much about your dick!
Damnit, not another ambitious corpse!
That was a vagina kick of love.
Please don't finger the armadillos.
Every once in a while... racism works.
Let's not start a race war right now
Oh, garter belts.
Oh dear, that's what happens when one's motorcar strikes a peasant.
No no no. No. I DEMAND tribute!
Nothing like a good old fashioned pussy fart
I'm demanding a violent blowjob.
