Bears are large, strong omnivores.
Omnivore is a fancy word for animals that eat both meat and plants.
They belong to the mammal class.
Because they are covered in hair, they have a spine, they’re warm-blooded and they feed milk to their babies once they are born.
Many people often think of bears as big, ferocious creatures that are brown, black or white.
They are definitely big, and yes, they are very strong.
They can be scary, but most will only become aggressive when threatened or when their babies are threatened and even then many species of bear won’t attack.
Bears are solitary and quite docile animals that have been given a bad reputation.
They are smart, shy and are great at hiding when they need to.
There is very little information on some bears because researchers have a hard time finding them!
Bears come in many different colors, shape, and sizes and they live all over the world, except Antarctica and Australia.
Their habitats range from the snowy northern tundra to dense rainforests and high mountains.
Most species of bears live to around 25 years of age.
There are eight different species of bears.
They are Asiatic, Black, Brown, Polar, Panda, Sloth, Spectacled and Sun.
Some of these species has a few sub-species.
For example, the sub-species of the brown bear include the Grizzly bear and the Kodiak bear.
One of the first things you might think about when you talk bears is hibernation.
Bear hibernation is different than most hibernating animals.
True hibernation (like we see in ground squirrels) involves a drastic drop in body temperature but the hibernating animal will awaken occasionally to go to the bathroom and have a bite to eat before resuming hibernation.
Since food is scarce in the winter bears figure that if you can't eat you might as well sleep.
Bears that live in colder northern regions sleep in their dens right through the winter.
Once spring arrives, the bear (and possibly some cubs) will emerge from the den with a big appetite.
It is important to note that not all species of bear will hibernate.
Bears like the Asiatic Bear live in warmer climates where food is readily available all year long and there is not need to hibernate.
Bears are omnivores just like people.
They will hunt animals such as baby deer, caribou, and elk but they are also scavengers, which means that they like leftovers and are happy to eat carrion.
Carrion is the decaying flesh of an animal that was killed and left behind by other predators or an animal which died of natural causes.
For bears that hibernate, large animals that died during the winter and are preserved by the icy cold, become a very important food source.
Bears are very hungry after a long winter sleep and fast food is a blessing for them.
Nursing mothers will also need to get their strength up with a nutritious meal if they want to protect their cubs.
As scavengers, bears will go through garbage cans and are often spotted at garbage dumps and campsites.
Insects, nuts, berries, sap, branches and roots are a big part of a bear’s diet.
Bears that live near rivers can catch salmon, and they tend to grow much larger than other species of bear because of this special, yummy treat!
Polar bears will find a seal's breathing hole in the ice and wait patiently for a seal to poke its head out for a breath.
Sometimes the only part of a seal that the polar bear will eat is the fat which helps them to fatten up for hibernation.
A panda bear's diet mainly consists of bamboo.
They can eat about 13.5 kg (30 lbs.) a day! That’s a lot!
They may eat meat, if given the chance.
Unfortunately for the giant panda, bamboo forests are being destroyed by humans who clear the forests to make room for homes, farms and shopping malls.
The pandas in the area being developed will often die of starvation.
As bears get ready for hibernation, they need to bulk up, and will eat double the amount of food that they normally need.
If a female bear isn’t fat enough, she will not be able to give birth to any cubs.
Baby bears rely on their mother’s milk for their first year of life and even longer for some species.
A bear's senses are very important to its survival.
They have great senses of smell, sight and hearing.
A bear can smell food, cubs, a mate or danger from miles away.
They also rely on other bears' sense of smell when they mark their territory with urine and droppings.
Bears have terrific eyesight, too.
It helps them to identify ripe fruit and nuts.
They use their keen hearing to notice and track smaller animals (food) scurrying around under leaves and brush.
Female bears are ready to mate between the ages of 3 and 8 years, but that will depend on their health and their weight.
A female bear that is underweight cannot give birth.
Bears, who usually prefer to live alone, get together in spring to find a mate.
Finding a mate can be quite tricky for the male bear.
Throughout the year, the male bear can be a bit of a bully.
Since they are larger than females, they have been known to kill females for food.
Of course the female might be nervous and untrusting of the large male bear!  The male follows the female at a distance for quite awhile until she feels safe and allows him to get closer.
Once they’ve mated the male leaves and may never see her, or the cubs, again.
Three to nine months later, depending on the species of bear, cubs are born.
For bears that live in colder climates, the cubs are born during hibernation.
The mother bear nurses her babies and keeps them warm as they grow and mature.
Pandas, Asiatic and Brown bears have a cool internal thing called “delayed implantation”  which allows the female to hold off fertilization of the egg until a later date and time the birth of her cubs to happen during hibernation where they will be born in a safe and warm place.
Bear cubs are born helpless.
They can’t see or hear and they have no teeth.
They are small…like a kitten, weighing around 454 g (1 pound) or less.
Mothers will carry their babies by their heads, except for the Sloth bear.
She will carry them piggyback for the first few months while she travels or hunts.
Bears that live in warm or tropical climates and do not need to hibernate can mate at any time.
By the time hibernation has ended the cubs are bigger and full of energy.
Bear cubs are really playful.
Play fighting is very important for young bears because it teaches them to protect themselves and helps them get stronger.
But if things get too rough, mama bear will discipline them by swatting them with her paw!  Ouch!
Being a cub is not all fun and games.
They are expected to follow their mother and learn how to find food or hunt.
It’s kind of like school and will help them to survive on their own.
Cubs usually stay with their mothers until they are between 1½ and two years of age.
Their mother will send them off on their own before she will mate again.
Bear siblings that have left their mothers may stay together for another year for protection.
Bears walk flat footed like humans do rather than on their toes like most animals.
This allows them to walk upright like people.
From far away, this looks really cool, but close up it might be a little frightening to see a really big bear standing in front of you!  This is definitely a good way to scare off danger!  
Their feet are wide and flat with long, sharp claws.
The claws on their front paws are longer than on the back, which is useful for climbing trees.
Two species that have special feet are the polar bear and the giant panda.
The polar bear has partially webbed toes for swimming and walking on snow (kind of like snowshoes!) as well as furry bottoms to keep its feet warm on the ice.
Giant pandas do not have a heel pad so they walk more on their toes.
Have you ever noticed that bears look pigeon-toed?  This could be to help them hold onto trees that they are climbing and make it easier for them to put food in their mouths.
Would it surprise you to know that an adult bear has almost no predators?  Bears are large and can be quite intimidating so they don’t have many enemies.
Their biggest enemies are humans and each other.
It's the cubs and the smaller females that have to watch out.
Other animals, including older male bears, will consider attacking a little cub if its mother is out of site.
Female bears are sometimes killed by larger male bears for food, which is why the female can be quite nervous during mating season.
When defending themselves bears make themselves look bigger by fluffing up their fur and standing on their hind legs.
When angry they will growl, pound their paws on the ground and charge towards whatever is bothering them.
They may not attack…but they probably wouldn’t have to after a show like that.
Mother bears can be very protective of their cubs and will attack if it becomes necessary.
The main predator that all species of bears have to worry about is humans.
In many parts of the world, bears are hunted for certain organs, such as their gall bladder, for use in traditional medicines.
Some are hunted for their beautiful fur and some are hunted for sport.
Bears are extraordinarily intelligent animals. They have far superior navigation skills to humans; excellent memories; large brain to body ratio; and use tools in various contexts from play to hunting.
Bears care deeply about family members. They will risk their lives and even fight to the death in order to save a cub or sibling from danger. 
Bears have excellent senses of smell, sight and hearing. They can smell food, cubs, a mate or predators from miles away. Their great eyesight allows them to detect when fruits are ripe.
Some species of Asiatic bear build nests in the trees. They can use these for hiding, eating and even sleeping.
Polar bears are excellent swimmers. They can swim for more than 60 miles without having a break. They also have huge appetites and can eat up to 10% of their own body weight in under an hour.
Bears were often honoured in the cultures of many early civilisations. They were seen as a symbol of power, strength and love.
Vikings and the Celts have many legends about the strength, protectiveness and prowess of bears.
The bear is a common national personification for Russia (and the former USSR) and Germany. The brown bear is Finland’s national animal. 
Grizzly bears (Ursus arctos horribilis) have concave faces, a distinctive hump on their shoulders, and long claws about two to four inches long. Both the hump and the claws are traits associated with a grizzly bear’s exceptional digging ability.
Grizzlies are often dark brown, but can vary from very light cream to black. The long guard hairs on their backs and shoulders frequently have white tips and give the bears a "grizzled" appearance, hence the name "grizzly."
The correct scientific name for the species is “brown bear,” but only coastal bears in Alaska and Canada are referred to as such, while inland bears and those found in the lower 48 states are called grizzly bears.
Grizzly bears are omnivores, and their diet can vary widely. They may eat seeds, berries, roots, grasses, fungi, deer, elk, fish, dead animals and insects. In the late summer and early fall, grizzlies enter hyperphagia, a period of 2-4 months when they intensify their calorie intake to put on weight for winter denning. During this time period they can gain more than three pounds a day!
Historically, there were around 50,000 grizzly bears in North America. Today, there are an estimated 1,800 grizzly bears remaining in five populations in the lower 48 states. Most of these bears are located in the Northern Continental Divide Population (including Glacier National Park) and the Yellowstone Population. Alaska is home to a healthy grizzly (sometimes called brown bear) population. 
Grizzly bears are found many different habitats, from dense forests to subalpine meadows, open plains and arctic tundra. In North America, grizzly bears are found in western Canada, Alaska, Wyoming, Montana, Idaho and a potentially a small population in Washington. Historically, they could be found from Alaska to Mexico and from California to Ohio.
Grizzly bears have a better sense of smell than a hound dog and can detect food from miles away.
Grizzly bears use “rub trees.” These are trees where they scratch their backs, leaving scent and hair. Biologists can use these trees to collect DNA from many bears living in the area.
Grizzly bears are normally solitary animals. However, they are not very territorial and they may be seen feeding together where food is abundant, such as at salmon streams and whitebark pine sites. Females will rear their cubs for 2-3 years.
When a female grizzly bear leaves her mother, they often set up their home range quite close to their mother’s home range. Males will typically range further, but may also remain close by.
Grizzly bears need to eat a lot in the summer and fall in order to build up sufficient fat reserves to survive the winter denning period. This is particularly true for pregnant females, who must have sufficient fat reserves to give birth to approximately one-pound cubs in January or February and then nurse them to about 20 pounds before emerging from the den in April or May.
Grizzly bears are one of the slowest reproducing land mammals. Females do not typically reproduce until they are four or five years old. 
Grizzly bears mate between May and July, but the female’s body delays implantation of their eggs in the uterus until October or November. If the female has not gained enough fat over the summer to survive and raise cubs, implantation may not occur. A grizzly’s ability to garner enough quality calories through the summer is not just crucial for her survival, but also for her reproductive ability.
Mother bears rear cubs for two to three years. Males do not help raise the cubs. In fact, males can be a danger to the cubs, so females often avoid male grizzly bears while rearing their cubs.
Mating Season: Early May through mid-July
Gestation: Anywhere from 180-270 days, including delayed implantation.
Litter Size: 1-4 cubs, but average is 2-3
Bears can eat up to 15% of their body weight in one day.
There are 8 species of bear in the world right now.
Bears gain up to 200 pounds between spring and fall.
Bears reach an age of 30 years or more, if they're lucky.
Most bears live north of the equator. There are no bears in Africa, Australia or Antarctica. 
Kodiak bears are the largest, weighing in at around 1,700 pounds (770 kilos) and reaching 10 to 12 feet (3.7 meters) in length. The sun bear of the Malay Peninsula, sometimes called the Malay bear, is the smallest type of bear. They weigh between 60 and 100 pounds are about three feet long. 
Bears usually have poor eyesight and hearing. However, they have a very keen sense of smell, which aids them in hunting. 
A bear is well protected from bee stings by its thick fur. The only unprotected part of a bear's body is its nose. Aside from honey, bears also eat fish, small mammals, fruit, roots, seeds, insects and carrion. 
Sun bears are different because of their short fur, which is not shaggy like other bears. They also have a white or yellow marking on their chest which people believe looks like a rising sun, which is how they got their name.
The American black bear is the most common bear species in North America. Although some male black bears can weigh up to 900 pounds, most black bears weigh around 300 pounds. They live in the mountainous or heavily wooded areas of southern North America, the Appalachians, the Adirondacks, the Great Lakes region, the Rocky Mountains and Canada. 
Black bear cubs usually weigh less than a pound when they are born in the winter. They are blind, furless and for about 40 days do nothing but eat and sleep, curled up with their mother in the den. However, by the following fall, the bears weigh about 40 pounds. 
The glacier bear is a rare species of the American black bear. The glacier bear has a mix of gray and black hairs, making it appear a blue color. In fact, despite their name, black bears come in many different shades and colors. Kermode black bears are often a creamy or sometimes pure white and the cinnamon black bears are a rusty brown color. 
A grizzly bear has a brown layer of under-fur, which lies close to the skin. It also has outer hairs which are white or silver-tipped. The mix of these hairs, giving a streaked gray "grizzled" appearance, is how the bear got its name. Grizzly bears can be quite dangerous, especially when injured, and have also attacked humans unprovoked. 
Grizzly bears may eat 80 to 90 pounds of food each day in the summer and early fall. This amount increases as the bears prepare for the winter, building a layer of fat that will help them to keep warm and survive. 
Grizzly bears live, hunt and feed alone. They don't communicate much, but it is thought that they use their claws to scratch bark of trees, leaving behind their scent so that other bears know the grizzly is around and will keep away. 
Grizzly bears come together in the summer when the streams fill with salmon, an important part of a grizzly's diet. 
Kodiak bears love salmon and are excellent fishers. Conveniently, they live on Kodiak Island, off the coast of Alaska, which is a spawning ground for salmon. A mother Kodiak bear can catch 15 salmon in an hour to feed herself and her cubs. 
Polar bears have slip-proof bristles on their feet. 
Polar bears do not live at either of the poles. Rather, they are found in the Arctic region around the North Pole. 
Polar bears are better at swimming than any other bear. Than can swim at speeds of three to six miles an hour, thanks to their large forepaws that act like paddles and webbing between their toes. They have long necks, which helps them keep their head above water. 
Polar bears have a thick layer of fat beneath their skin for insulation and their fur is made up of an overcoat and an undercoat. The fine, white hairs of the undercoat provide warmth, while the long guard hairs of the overcoat shed water easily and mat together to trap heat from the sun inside them. Polar bears have fur on their paws to keep their feet warm and their black skin absorbs heat. 
Polar bears love ringed seal. When they spot a seal sitting on an ice floe, they swim up to it with only their head above water and pounce on the seal. They sometimes sit next to a seal's breathing hole in the ice and grab the seal when it comes up for air. 
Sloth bears love to eat termites. The roof of a sloth bear's mouth is hollowed out, creating a vacuum effect when the sloth bear sucks up termites. The sloth bear inserts its mouth into a termite pillar and sucks up the insects, creating a sucking noise that is so loud it can be heard 200 yards away! 
Spectacled bears climb trees and stay in the tree for three or four days eating its fruit before they move on to the next tree. Orchard farmers find these bears a nuisance, but spectacled bears scatter the seeds of trees and other plants, making them important for forest growth. 
