Snakes are carnivores (meat eaters).
Snakes don't have eyelids.
Snakes can't bite food so have to swallow it whole.
Snakes have flexible jaws which allow them to eat prey bigger than their head!
Snakes are found on every continent of the world except Antarctica.
Snakes have internal ears but not external ones.
Snakes used in snake charming performances respond to movement, not sound.
There are around 3000 different species of snake.
Snakes have a unique anatomy which allows them to swallow and digest large prey.
Snakes are covered in scales.
Snakeskin is smooth and dry.
Snakes shed their skin a number of times a year in a process that usually lasts a few days.
Some species of snake, such as cobras and black mambas, use venom to hunt and kill their prey. Read more venomous snake facts.
Snakes smell with their tongue.
Pythons kill their prey by tightly wrapping around it and suffocating it in a process called constriction.
Some sea snakes can breathe partially through their skin, allowing for longer dives underwater.
Anacondas are large, non-venomous snakes found in South America that can reach over 5 m (16 ft) in length.
Python reticulates can grow over 8.7 m (28 ft) in length and are considered the longest snakes in the world.
Snake Venom evolved from saliva, which means that it all started with a snake whose mouth was sliiiightly more gross than usual.
The worlds longest snake is found in brazil, peru, and chile. It is believed to be over 60 years old.
If you laid all the bones in a snake end-to-end, you would have a snake.
Biologically speaking, what we call a 'snake' is actually a human digestive tract which has escaped from its host.
Some snakes survive for up to two years without a meal.
There's an Island in Brazil where civilians are forbidden to go: it has up to 5 snakes per square meter.
Snakes kill 100,000 people every year.
Snakes can have two heads and fight each other for food.
The top ten deadliest snakes can be found in Australia.
More people are killed each year by bees than snakes.
The boomslang snake's venom causes you to bleed from all holes of your body.
Snakes can open their mouth up to 150 degrees.
There are no terrestrial (land) snakes in New Zealand.
The mortality rate of a Black Mamba snake bite is almost 100%.
Powerful acids in snakes' stomachs mean they will explode if given Alka-Seltzer.
The Titanoboa lived 60 million years ago and is the largest, longest, and heaviest snake ever discovered.
Snakes used in snake charming performances respond to movement, not sound.
One drop of the Beaked Sea Snake venom can kill 3 adult men.
Snakes have flexible jaws which allow them to eat prey bigger than their head.
Snakes don't have eyelids.
Snakes use their tongues to smell.
51% of Americans fear snakes, most than any other thing in the world.
Snakes are unable to close their eyes. They can't blink and they must sleep with their eyes open.
There has never been snakes in Ireland because being cold-blooded, snake couldn't survive the frozen ground during the ice age in the past.
There are more than 3,000 species of snakes in the world and there is at least one type of snake on every continent except Antarctica.
While the snake has a bad rap as a pest, snakes can often be quite helpful and even a fun pet.
With so many different species, there are snakes of many different sizes.
The world's smallest snake, according to National Geographic, is the thread snake, which grows to only about 3.9 inches (10 centimeters) long. It looks much like an earthworm.
The largest snake, the reticulated python, can grow to a whopping 30 feet (9 meters).
The largest snake fossil ever discovered is called the Titanoboa. This creature lived 60 million years ago and would have been 50 feet (15 meters) long.
It is a common misconception that snakes build nests for their eggs. Only one species of snake, the king cobra, will build a nest for its young.
Not all snakes lay eggs, either. About 70 percent of snakes lay eggs. These types of snakes are called oviparous.
The other 30 percent give birth to live young, much like mammals.
This is because some climates are too cold for eggs to develop and hatch, so snakes living in colder climates do not lay eggs.
Snakes are carnivores. This means that they only eat meat.
Snakes are often seen as pests, but they actually can help keep pests at bay by eating rodents.
Many people think that all snakes kill their prey by biting it and injecting the prey with poison. This isn't true.
Cobras, vipers and other related species are the only snakes that use venom to hunt.
Most snakes simply swallow their prey whole.
Large snakes, such as the python, will strangle their prey to death and then swallow it whole.
Snakes can eat other animals 75 to 100 percent bigger than their own size, according to National Geographic.
They have been known to eat animals such as crocodiles and cows.
To fit the large prey into their mouth, the snake's jaw will unhinge.
Once the animal is inside, the snake's body releases enzymes to break the food down into useable energy.
Snakes don't need to eat as often as other animals because they have a very slow metabolism rate.
King cobras, for example, can live for months without food.
Sometimes, though, eating a live animal can result in disaster. Snakes have been known to explode after eating a living animal, though it is not known why.
Snakes live in almost every corner of the world.
They are found in forests, deserts, swamps and grasslands.
Many call underground burrows or the spaces under rocks home.
Some snakes, like the cottonmouth water moccasin of North America live in water part of the time.
Though they are found all over the world, snakes do not, however, like the cold. This is because they are cold blooded or ectothermic.
If it is cold outside, then the snake will be cold, too, since their bodies do not use energy to create heat to warm them.
When it is cold, many snakes hibernate in tunnels underground. Others seek warmer areas, such as inside humans' homes.
Kingdom: Animalia
Subkingdom: Bilateria
Infrakingdom: Deuterostomia
Phylum: Chordata
Subphylum: Vertebrata
Infraphylum: Gnathostomata
Superclass: Tetrapoda
Class: Reptilia
Order: Squamata
Suborder: Serpentes
Infraorders: Scolecophidia (blind snakes) & Alethinophidia (all others)
Families: 3 in Scolecophidia; 15 in Alethinophidia
Subfamilies: 9 in Alethinophidia
Genera: 15 in Scolecophidia ; 316 in Alethinophidia
Species: 305 in Scolecophidia; 2,618 in Alethinophidia
Black mamba — Dendroaspis polylepis
Coral snakes — 6 genera & 81 species, such as Arizona coral snake (Micruroides euryxanthus), Eastern or common coral snake (Micrurus fulvius) and Texas coral snake (Micrurus tener)
Corn snake — Pantherophis guttatus
Cobras — 28 to 270 species, depending on definition, such as King Cobra (Ophiophagus hannah) and Indian cobra (Naja naja)
Water moccasin (Cottonmouth) — Agkistrodon piscivorus
Garter snakes — 28 species, such as common garter snake (Thamnophis sirtalis), San Francisco garter snake (Thamnosis sirtalis tetrataenia) and Western ribbon snake (Thamnophis proximus)
Rattlesnakes — 32 species, such as Timber rattler (Crotalus horridus), Eastern diamondback (Crotalus adamanteus) and Western diamondback (Crotalus atrox)
Corn Snake: These corn snakes are able to angle their scales outward to make them better at catching and digging in to the bark's rough surface. This scale angling created twice as much friction against the bark (compared with the scales remaining flat), pushing the snakes up and letting the snakes sit in trees for an extended amount of time.
The rarest and most endangered snake is the St. Lucia racer. It is believed that there are 18 to 100 of these snakes left in existence. Other snakes, such as the Amami Takachiho and the Adelophis copei are considered vulnerable by the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources since their populations are decreasing.
Snakes don't smell with their noses like humans. They have a forked or split tongue that they use to smell and taste chemical compositions in the air.
Snakes don't have eyelids or ears, either, and their eyes don't move. To hear they feel vibrations through the ground.
Humans' skin flakes off a little at a time, but snakes shed their entire skin nearly three times a year. This is called molting.
Snakes aren't slimy. Their scales are smooth and dry. Corn snakes use their scales as climbing equipment. They can angle the scales so that it digs into bark, allowing them to climb trees.
The paradise tree-snake of Southeast Asia can fly. It swings its body through the air and then flattens into a C-shape to catch the airflow. If it flips its body back and forth it can change directions as it falls.
There are several ways to tell if a snake is poisonous. For example, if its pupil is shaped like a diamond, then the snake is poisonous.
Snakes that are non-poisonous will have round pupils. Color is another good clue.
This rhyme helps people tell the difference between coral snakes, which is poisonous, and scarlet king snakes, which is not poisonous: If red touches yellow, it will kill a fellow. If red touches black, it's a friend of Jack.
Snakes are vertebrates - that means they have a skeleton, which in the case of snakes is mostly a skull and lots and lots of rib bones.
They do not have ears as most of us think of an ear. They do have a sensory ear bone, called the columella, which detects vibrations.
Snakes use their tongues to detect smells to find food or stay away from enemies. Their eyes do not move inside their head, and they do not have common eyelids.
Some types of snakes have a special pit located near their eyes that allows them to detect small changes in temperature. This allows them to be aware of the heat given off by the bodies of rodents or other animals they might want to eat.
A snake's skin is made of a variety of sizes of scales. The scales near the head are small while the scales on the underside of their body are thick and protect their bodies from the ground.
A snake continues to grow throughout its life. They periodically shed their skin as part of this growing process.
Snakes live on every continent of the world except Antarctica. There are even species which swim in the ocean.
Snakes are carnivorous. That means that they eat other animals.
Snakes do not have the right kind of teeth to chew their food so they must eat their catch whole.
Their jaw is structured in such a way that it allows the mouth to open wider than their own body in order to swallow their prey whole.
Once swallowed, the muscles of their body and their hook-shaped teeth help push the food toward the stomach.
Their food is then digested over a long period of time — depending upon how warm the snake is. The warmer their bodies, the faster they digest their food.
But it generally takes 3–5 days for food to be digested.
Very large snakes such as the anaconda from South America eat rather large prey, so their digestion can take weeks.
Poisonous or venomous snakes inject poison or venom into their prey. This starts the digestive process even before the snake swallows that food.
Snakes tend to eat rats, birds and their eggs, mice, chipmunks, frogs, gophers, and other small rodents.
Some species will even consume insects or earthworms.
Very large snakes will even eat deer, pigs, monkeys and other large prey.
The Kingsnake is known for the fact that it will eat other snakes, including venomous snakes like rattlesnakes.
Amphibians and reptiles are cold blooded. Their body temperatures match that of their surroundings. Because of this, cold blooded animals can not survive well in extreme hot or cold. To warm themselves they will move to a sunny rock or roadside. To cool their bodies they will seek shade or sometimes even dig a hole in the ground.
The bodies of snakes have no feet, flippers or legs to propel them along. They must use the action of their scales and muscles to scoot their bodies across the ground. The scales on the underside of their bodies are specialized for this purpose like the tread on a tire.
Different species of snakes use one of the four manners of movement: concertina, serpentine, sidewinding, and caterpillar.
Ok, so not like a bird — with wings — but some snakes do hang from branches and swing themselves into the air. Then by flattening their ribcage and making a side to side motion, they keep their bodies in the air long enough to glide for about 109 yards before crashing to the ground or into another tree.
The five different flying snakes are all poisonous and live in the tropical rainforests of Sri Lanka and Southeast Asia.
No snakes can fly upwards or take off from the ground.
Many species of snakes can move about the water. Some just slide on the surface, while others can actually swim underwater.
A few species even live the majority of their lives in the ocean — these are known as sea snakes. They do come to the surface to breathe air, but can often stay down for upwards of an hour.
Sea snakes dine on fish and eels.
The type of teeth a snake has is dependent upon how the species catches food.
All non-poisonous snakes have teeth on the upper jaw and the lower jaw.
A snake can often grow more teeth as needed because teeth are sometimes lost while feeding.
The teeth are hook-shaped and angle toward the throat.
Poisonous snakes have either grooved or hollow fangs. The poison, which comes from glands located under each eye, flows down the groove or through the hollow portion of the fangs and is injected into the prey.
Female snakes produce young about twice per year. In some species babies are born alive. Other species lay eggs.
In a strange combination of the two, some snakes have eggs that stay in their bodies until the eggs hatch and then the babies are born.
Snakes can have anywhere from one to 150 baby snakes at a time.
Snake eggs are not hard like a chicken egg, but are leather-like and can be torn open by the baby snake from the inside with a special “egg tooth” that the snake will lose soon after hatching.
Snakes do not take care of their offspring, but a few species will protect the eggs and then the new babies for a very short time after they have hatched. Baby snakes are then left to fend for themselves.
Some snakes have a camouflage coloring which hides them from predators. Blending into the surroundings also keeps their potential prey from spotting them.
Some snakes have coloring which mimics another snake for the purpose of confusing predators. For example, the poisonous Coral snake looks similar to the non-poisonous Scarlet Kingsnake. Both snakes live in North America.
Snakes that live in cold climates plan ahead for the winter by eating extra food so that they can hibernate during the coldest season. Their bodies are not really asleep, but in a special condition that makes them appear as if they are dead to people who are not aware.
Idaho is home to a number of snakes, both poisonous and nonpoisonous. There are 11 common species of snake found in the state: Rubber Boa, Racer, Ringneck Snake, Night Snake, Striped Whipsnake, Gopher Snake, Longnose Snake, Ground Snake, Common Garter Snake, Western Terrestrial Garter.
There are 116 species of snakes in the United States. Only 19 of these species are poisonous. The bite of these creatures can be very dangerous. A person who is bitten by one of these should seek medical attention quickly. Only the rattlesnake is typically found in Idaho.
Here are the poisonous snake species found in the U.S.: Copperhead, Cottonmouth water moccasin, 2 kinds of coral snakes, 15 kinds of rattlesnakes.
The Western Diamondback Rattlesnake is one of the most feared snakes in North America. There are a number of different rattlesnake species in North and South America. Their coloring is distinctive and they are well known for the diamond-shaped design along their back. They can grow to be from 3 to even more than 5 feet long. They live in a variety of environments including forests, deserts and grasslands. They prefer to be in rocky areas where they can warm themselves against the heat of the rocks or cool themselves in the shade between the rocks.
Rattlesnakes are pit vipers. That means that they have a special pit between their eyes that senses temperature — useful for hunting prey. Their diet is mostly small rodents, but they will also dine on frogs, fish and other small creatures. They are very poisonous, so it is wise to stay away should you ever come across one.
The best thing you can do is stay away from rocks and to keep your ears tuned to the noise of a rattling sound. And be aware!! Baby rattlesnakes can not rattle until they have shed their skin at least once. A baby rattler is also likely to inject more venom when they bite than an adult will, making a baby rattlesnake's bite more dangerous.
The cobra is well known for its hood that it puffs out when in a defensive stance. They are the world's longest venomous snake and are found in the Philippine islands, southern Asia and Africa. The cobra's bite is deadly, but some species of cobra also spit venom at their victim. Snake charmers use cobras for their demonstrations because the cobra is so showy.
Boa constrictors belong to the boa and python family. Both species squeeze their prey in order to prevent the animal from taking in air, often killing their victim before eating it whole. They are nonpoisonous. Boas live all over the world while pythons are indigenous to Asia and Africa. Most of them live in caves or other cool places, but have been known to find themselves in cities as people invade their space by building homes and farms.
The anaconda has been the topic of many movies which would lead people to believe that they are very aggressive and attack people. But the truth is that they like to be alone and are often difficult for scientists to study because they are so hard to locate. They live in or near the waters of South America and eat amphibians and birds.
A fear of snakes can be healthy since it helps us be aware and cautious when we're passing through territory that might have snakes dangerous to us. But we also tend to invent “facts” that aren't true about things we fear.
